What is the name of the iconic tower located in Paris, France? Eiffel Tower, Great Wall of China, Taj Mahal, Sydney Opera House, Eiffel Tower
Which historical monument is located in New York City and was a gift from France? Statue of Liberty, Great Wall of China, Taj Mahal, Machu Picchu, Statue of Liberty
What is the famous white marble mausoleum located in Agra, India? Taj Mahal, Great Wall of China, Statue of Liberty, Sydney Opera House, Taj Mahal
Which ancient structure in Egypt consists of monumental pyramids? Pyramids of Giza, Eiffel Tower, Sydney Opera House, Great Wall of China, Pyramids of Giza
Who painted the renowned artwork 'Mona Lisa'? Leonardo da Vinci, Vincent van Gogh, Michelangelo, Pablo Picasso, Leonardo da Vinci
What is the name of the famous skyscraper in New York City known for its Art Deco design? Empire State Building, Great Wall of China, Taj Mahal, Sydney Opera House, Empire State Building
Which ancient Incan city is perched high in the Andes Mountains of Peru? Machu Picchu, Great Wall of China, Taj Mahal, Colosseum, Machu Picchu
What is the name of the iconic amphitheater located in Rome, Italy? Colosseum, Great Wall of China, Taj Mahal, Sydney Opera House, Colosseum
Which landmark in Australia is known for its distinctive sail-like design? Sydney Opera House, Eiffel Tower, Statue of Liberty, Taj Mahal, Sydney Opera House
What is the famous clock tower located in London, UK? Big Ben, Great Wall of China, Taj Mahal, Machu Picchu, Big Ben
Which natural wonder is located in Arizona, USA and known for its stunning rock formations? Grand Canyon, Mount Everest, Niagara Falls, Hollywood Sign, Grand Canyon
What is the highest mountain in the world, situated on the border of Nepal and Tibet? Mount Everest, Grand Canyon, Burj Khalifa, Kremlin, Mount Everest
Which famous waterfall straddles the border between Canada and the USA? Niagara Falls, Mount Everest, Venice Canals, Amazon Rainforest, Niagara Falls
What iconic landmark overlooks Los Angeles and represents the entertainment industry? Hollywood Sign, The Louvre, Stonehenge, Mount Fuji, Hollywood Sign
Which renowned museum is located in Paris, France and houses the Mona Lisa? The Louvre, Burj Khalifa, Christ the Redeemer Statue, Sahara Desert, The Louvre
What ancient stone monument is found in England, UK, and remains a mystery in its purpose? Stonehenge, Mount Fuji, Vatican City, Angel Falls, Stonehenge
Which skyscraper is the tallest building in the world, situated in Dubai, UAE? Burj Khalifa, Mount Fuji, The Acropolis, Sahara Desert, Burj Khalifa
What is the fortified complex located in Moscow, Russia, serving as the official residence of the President? Kremlin, Amazon Rainforest, Vatican City, Angel Falls, Kremlin
Which famous volcanic peak is a symbol of Japan? Mount Fuji, Venice Canals, The Great Barrier Reef, The Alhambra, Mount Fuji
What historic city in Italy is renowned for its network of picturesque canals? Venice Canals, Petra, The Acropolis, Christ the Redeemer Statue, Venice Canals
Which expansive tropical rainforest covers much of South America? Amazon Rainforest, Petra, Sahara Desert, The Alhambra, Amazon Rainforest
What ancient archaeological site in Jordan features elaborate rock-cut architecture? Petra, Vatican City, Angel Falls, The Great Barrier Reef, Petra
What historic citadel and ancient site in Athens, Greece, is dedicated to the goddess Athena? The Acropolis, Christ the Redeemer Statue, The Great Barrier Reef, Vatican City, The Acropolis
Which colossal statue of Jesus Christ overlooks Rio de Janeiro, Brazil? Christ the Redeemer Statue, Sahara Desert, Angel Falls, The Alhambra, Christ the Redeemer Statue
Which natural wonder located off the coast of Australia is the world's largest coral reef system? The Great Barrier Reef, The Louvre, Angel Falls, Sahara Desert, The Great Barrier Reef
What is the smallest independent state in the world, located within Rome, Italy? Vatican City, Amazon Rainforest, Petra, The Acropolis, Vatican City
What is the world's highest uninterrupted waterfall, located in Venezuela? Angel Falls, The Alhambra, Mount Fuji, Sahara Desert, Angel Falls
Which vast desert spans across North Africa and is the largest hot desert in the world? Sahara Desert, The Acropolis, Venice Canals, Burj Khalifa, Sahara Desert
What historic palace and fortress complex is located in Granada, Spain? The Alhambra, Neuschwanstein Castle, Chichen Itza, Mount Rushmore, The Alhambra
Which famous church in London, UK, is known for its coronations and royal weddings? Westminster Abbey, Machu Picchu, Hagia Sophia, Serengeti National Park, Westminster Abbey
What fairy-tale castle is perched on a hill in Bavaria, Germany? Neuschwanstein Castle, Petra, Times Square, Panama Canal, Neuschwanstein Castle
What are the mysterious giant statues located on Easter Island, Chile called? Moai Statues, Chichen Itza, Angkor Wat, Machu Picchu, Moai Statues
Which historic cathedral-turned-mosque is located in Istanbul, Turkey? Hagia Sophia, Chichen Itza, Angkor Wat, Yellowstone National Park, Hagia Sophia
What is the famous archaeological site and pyramid complex located in Mexico? Chichen Itza, Machu Picchu, Parthenon, Sistine Chapel, Chichen Itza
Which monumental sculpture in South Dakota, USA features the faces of four U.S. presidents? Mount Rushmore, Machu Picchu, Angkor Wat, Easter Island Moai Statues, Mount Rushmore
Which bustling commercial intersection in New York City, USA is known for its bright lights and billboards? Times Square, Panama Canal, Louvre Museum, Golden Gate Bridge,Times Square
Which famous man-made waterway connects the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans? Panama Canal, Parthenon, Sistine Chapel, Machu Picchu, Panama Canal
What ancient temple complex in Athens, Greece is dedicated to the goddess Athena? Parthenon, Angkor Wat, Yellowstone National Park, Serengeti National Park, Parthenon
Which renowned chapel in Vatican City features Michelangelo's famous ceiling frescoes? The Sistine Chapel, Louvre Museum, St. Basil's Cathedral, Easter Island Moai Statues, The Sistine Chapel
What ancient Incan citadel is situated atop a mountain ridge in Peru? Machu Picchu, Angkor Wat, Victoria Falls, Loch Ness, Machu Picchu
What famous temple complex in Cambodia is known for its intricate architecture and grandeur? Angkor Wat, Serengeti National Park, Louvre Museum, St. Basil's Cathedral, Angkor Wat
Which national park in Wyoming, USA is celebrated for its geothermal features and wildlife? Yellowstone National Park, St. Basil's Cathedral, Golden Gate Bridge, Victoria Falls, Yellowstone National Park
What expansive wildlife reserve in Tanzania is famous for the annual wildebeest migration? Serengeti National Park, Loch Ness, Easter Island Moai Statues, Louvre Museum, Serengeti National Park
Which renowned art museum is located in Paris, France? Louvre Museum, St. Basil's Cathedral, Golden Gate Bridge, Victoria Falls, Louvre Museum
What colorful cathedral with onion-shaped domes is located in Moscow, Russia? St. Basil's Cathedral, Machu Picchu, Chichen Itza, Easter Island Moai Statues, St. Basil's Cathedral
Which waterfall is situated on Easter Island, Chile, and is famous for its mysterious stone figures? Easter Island Moai Statues, Victoria Falls, Serengeti National Park, Louvre Museum, Easter Island Moai Statues
Which iconic suspension bridge spans the Golden Gate Strait in San Francisco, USA? Golden Gate Bridge, Victoria Falls, Loch Ness, Neuschwanstein Castle, Golden Gate Bridge
What impressive waterfall is located on the border between Zimbabwe and Zambia in Africa? Victoria Falls, Machu Picchu, Niagara Falls, Louvre Museum, Victoria Falls
What famous lake in Scotland is rumored to be home to a mythical creature? Loch Ness, Neuschwanstein Castle, Westminster Abbey, Hagia Sophia, Loch Ness
What iconic natural sandstone monolith is located in Australia's Northern Territory? Ayers Rock, Sagrada Familia, Pompeii, CN Tower, Ayers Rock
Which elaborate basilica in Barcelona, Spain is renowned for its unique architectural style? Matterhorn, Sagrada Familia, Petra, Mount Kilimanjaro, Sagrada Familia
What ancient city near Naples, Italy was buried by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius? The Parthenon, Pompeii, Red Square, Petra, Pompeii
Which iconic tower stands tall in Toronto, Canada offering panoramic views of the city? CN Tower, Red Square, The Galápagos Islands, The Arctic Circle, CN Tower
What historic square in Moscow, Russia is surrounded by iconic landmarks including the Kremlin? Pompeii, Petra, Red Square, Matterhorn, Red Square
Which ancient city in Jordan is famous for its rock-cut architecture and tombs? Petra, Mount Kilimanjaro, The Parthenon, St. Peter's Basilica, Petra
What distinctive mountain in the Alps straddles the border between Switzerland and Italy? Matterhorn, Mount Kilimanjaro, The Arctic Circle, The Sahara Desert, Matterhorn
What is the highest mountain in Africa located in Tanzania? The Parthenon, Mount Kilimanjaro, The Ganges River, The Amazon River, Mount Kilimanjaro
What ancient temple in Athens, Greece is dedicated to the goddess Athena? The Parthenon, St. Peter's Basilica, The Sydney Harbour Bridge, The Inca Trail, The Parthenon
Which renowned basilica in Vatican City is considered one of the holiest Catholic sites? The Panama Canal, The Parthenon, St. Peter's Basilica, The Blue Mosque, St. Peter's Basilica
Which engineering marvel connects the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans in Central America?The Galápagos Islands, The Panama Canal, The Amazon Rainforest, The Dead Sea, The Panama Canal
What famous archipelago off the coast of Ecuador is known for its unique wildlife?The Ganges River, The Galápagos Islands, The Amazon River, The Northern Lights, The Galápagos Islands
What is the largest tropical rainforest in the world spanning multiple countries in South America?The Dead Sea, The Sahara Desert, The Amazon Rainforest, The Arctic Circle, The Amazon Rainforest
Which hypersaline lake is located between Israel and Jordan?The Nile River, The Dead Sea, The Maldives, The Yangtze River, The Dead Sea
What is an imaginary line circling the Earth's northernmost region?The Arctic Circle, The Sahara Desert, The Maldives, The Northern Lights, The Arctic Circle
What is the largest hot desert in the world covering much of North Africa?The Ganges River, The Sahara Desert, The Blue Mosque, The Grand Canyon, The Sahara Desert
Which famous river flows through China and is one of the longest rivers in the world?The Amazon River, The Yangtze River, The Nile River, The Ganges River, The Yangtze River
Which river is considered the longest river in Africa flowing through multiple countries?The Maldives, The Nile River, The Sydney Harbour Bridge, The Inca Trail, The Nile River
What historic mosque in Istanbul, Turkey is famous for its stunning blue tiles?The Blue Mosque, The Ganges River, The Sydney Opera House, The Parthenon, The Blue Mosque
What iconic bridge spans Sydney Harbour in Australia?The Grand Canyon, The Sydney Harbour Bridge, The Taj Mahal, The Parthenon, The Sydney Harbour Bridge
What famous trekking route in Peru leads to the ancient city of Machu Picchu?The Inca Trail, The Sydney Opera House, The Grand Canyon, The Taj Mahal, The Inca Trail
What marble mausoleum in Agra, India is considered a symbol of love?The Taj Mahal, The Sydney Opera House, The Grand Canyon, The Parthenon, The Taj Mahal
What iconic performing arts center is situated in Sydney, Australia?The Sydney Harbour Bridge, The Sydney Opera House, The Sagrada Familia, The Maldives, The Sydney Opera House
What ancient temple in Athens, Greece is dedicated to the goddess Athena?The Parthenon, St. Peter's Basilica, The Sydney Harbour Bridge, The Grand Canyon, The Parthenon
What majestic canyon is located in the state of Arizona, USA?The Sydney Opera House, The Grand Canyon, The Panama Canal, The Galápagos Islands, The Grand Canyon